bent we're going stuffed with cheese
in chili pepper sauce for the
nopales clean them group open them by
half and take away the capacity
add salt flats to cure the
nopales and let stand for 10 minutes
wash the nopales remove the slobber
the panela cheese in small cubes in a
pan put a little oil and laugh the
Panela cheese for the birds in a pan
hot put some oil fry
the bell peppers add dry shrimp
chop a bit of onion and fry the
along with chilies and shrimp
add garlic and fry over low heat pass
to the ingredients in a processor and
liquefy a couple of minutes emptying little to
little oil to evolve the sauce
base to the sauce in panela cheese and
reserve in a hot pot empty
cold water sews potatoes with salt
of grain for the tortilla julienne
cut the strips in multiple strips
and in a pan with very hot oil
brown the julianas
finally I'm going to take my sauce with
my cheese because they are mine I have here the
potatoes already cut the oil serves me
because I want the potatoes to be impregnated
of him remember that only the quotients
he wants a particular flavor
there's the only thing I'm going to do is
Mix
that the potatoes are wrapping this
oil in chilecito that go away
also mixing with the cheese I'm going to
put a little salt just because
the shrimp, as they are dry, are
Saladies then be careful try and one
try cerrato and it was very tasty but
I need a little salt for my parents
then we are going to put together the plate
I'm going to drink parent wines
I'm going to put a little bit of stuffing
and hit another spoon because if I do not go
to finish here all full of salsita
of chile in what nice contrast of
colors does not make them good for a
so colorful saucer there is and what
only thing I'm going to do is close it
they fixed
and in particular this dish
very healthy
and I decided to do it with panela cheese
because it's like an option like how
vegetarian always have it as a
option so fun and not so heavy what
I will put here the last
about 3 euros I like there is
what a treat
and what I'm going to do is put julienne
of my tortillas over
well what a nice dish this is going to be
crispy well accompany me to now
yes that to taste it to savor it to
have fun
how nice
well I say goodbye to you
we see in the next one in chillã art